(soothing music)
♪ She dreams of 1969 ♪
♪ Before the soldiers came ♪
♪ The life was cheap on bread and wine ♪
♪ And sharing meant no shame ♪
♪ She is awakened by the screams ♪
♪ Of rockets flying from nearby ♪
♪ And scared she clings onto her dreams ♪
♪ To beat the fear that she might die ♪
♪ And who will have won ♪
♪ When the soldiers have gone? ♪
♪ From the Lebanon ♪
♪ The Lebanon ♪
♪ Before he leaves the camp he stops ♪
♪ He scans the world outside ♪
♪ And where there used to be some shops ♪
♪ Is where the snipers sometimes hide ♪
♪ He left his home the week before ♪
♪ He thought he'd be like the police ♪
♪ But now he finds he is at war ♪
♪ Weren't we supposed to keep the peace? ♪
♪ And who will have won ♪
♪ When the soldiers have gone? ♪
♪ From the Lebanon ♪
♪ The Lebanon ♪
♪ I must be dreaming ♪
♪ It can't be true ♪
♪ And who will have won ♪
♪ When the soldiers have gone ♪
♪ From the Lebanon ♪
♪ The Lebanon ♪